you oversell YouTube is your boy
startled a man coming at you with my
second video actually is my first video
but um come natural with a little
collection of kids jordans and a couple
drawers that I had back and a tie-in
take care so these kids yours you know
they're my girls and I'm also employer
she kind of now wears them anyone's I
just couldn't for me so anyways let's
get into it this is the kid collection
that I got all right we've got these
right here some all black things retro
most camera kind of sucks but on
sametime do the best I can these are all
sides of five and a half or so you've
got some playoff eight
play updates got some retro OG cutaway 8
retro gonna be though guess your day
where am I but are here anyways keeping
them anyway 8 these were actually my
sisters from old jordan cheetahs and
over on how many y'all bond that Jeter
see that DJ to all right there's these
are straight baseball shoes with jaw
tomato you say the spikes on anyways
we've got the low top why red and black
13 retro these are all worn you know
clean them up as much as I could
got the slats and actually a lottery yes
you got is because I got them and say
we'll get them at the same time with
some of my videos of claims in 30 mins
retro I got the last shot 14s retro you
know so so all the new conditioner keep
it in full I'm saying that some kids are
soon then some original 18th white and
red
we got some original white and grey 19-1
embrace
suria not she later going on here then
she got some dub zeros from back in the
day also no file so does 0 she got these
of the wine orange seen an amazing you
should have someone by 21 is old you
probably white black and red so I've got
two more pairs for the kids and be down
here and some bread six rings some
braids some fusions
just kidding
so those that's it for my kids
collection right there so now i'm going
to show you our song that I had from
back in the day that are beat up there
would be these some white and navy blue
sixes retros beat up man I don't know
what I have back then father known where
to kill those in pretty good condition
though I mean Peter fact that was
missing buttons still intact everything
the other one
then I got some OG 16 that I did not
take care of but I kept these are beat
up some beaters and I had a old g17
wizard clothes away iBD's over to
playing ball oh you know captain man
sentimental value whatever we're still I
got some OG 18 meter but you know man
i'm probably made for video my
collection soon I don't have them any
damage repairs I mean if i were to care
for my periods i still have some more
beat up here if I would've kept on my
pears cleaning out had 30 some pics yeah
and this is my kids collection comment
rate the shoes whatever do what you have
to do and probably hit yall up with a
video my collection not too far from now
alright so this is South Elena and
signing out peace